Welcome to our website!

Our websiter stablished on 18 july 2022. The journey of this worderful restaurant "khao Peeo Mauj Kro" is great.

Their is a lot of difficulties which i faced during making this website.

In making to it their are some challenges which i need to solve for creating it.

Starting as a discovery and reviews platform Foodiebay in 2022, the khao Peeo Mauj Kro that we know today is a global foodtech behemoth with a presence in 16 countries

By becoming India’s first-ever foodtech brand to go public, khao Peeo Mauj Kro has created history in the consumer internet market

As khao Peeo Mauj Kro marches towards a $1.1 Bn public offering, a look at its twelve-year journey is a case study that will continue to inspire many more Internet entrepreneurs

India’s consumer internet segment has truly arrived. The much-awaited red herring prospectus of food delivery platform Zomato is historical for several reasons. Zomato’s $1.1 Bn public offering that was unveiled in the last week of April comes at a time when many experts and critics questioned the sustainability of the food delivery models in the Indian context. 

Gurugrum-based khao Peeo Mauj Kro has seemingly proved them wrong a decade after it first launched in a different avatar as a restaurant discovery platform in 2008. The 12-year journey of Zomato under the helms of two IIT graduates — Deepinder Goyal and Pankaj Chaddah (who left the company in March 2018) — is an inspiration for several other second-generation internet entrepreneurs in India after the dotcom bust in the early 2000s.

India’s consumer internet segment has truly arrived. The much-awaited red herring prospectus of food delivery platform Zomato is historical for several reasons. Zomato’s $1.1 Bn public offering that was unveiled in the last week of April comes at a time when many experts and critics questioned the sustainability of the food delivery models in the Indian context. 

Gurugrum-based khao Peeo Mauj Kro has seemingly proved them wrong a decade after it first launched in a different avatar as a restaurant discovery platform in 2008. The 12-year journey of Zomato under the helms of two IIT graduates — Deepinder Goyal and Pankaj Chaddah (who left the company in March 2018) — is an inspiration for several other second-generation internet entrepreneurs in India after the dotcom bust in the early 2000s.